So we've been doing a lot of
these streaming pipelines.
And it's actually kind of easy to mess
up when you write things in this way.
I mean, I've been doing it this way for
brevity, so far, so
I don't have to explain all of the caveats
why you wouldn't wanna do that.
So, in a more realistic setting,
you probably wanna use a module
that's gonna handle the error
propagation in all of the streams.
So, how error propagation
works in node is,
anytime, I think our HTTP
example was guilty of this, or
maybe something with one of those long
pipelines, let's look at one of those.
So, our vpn-client, maybe, yeah.
Although it's better, in a server.
All right, so
here's our VPN server from earlier.
It's got this long list
of events that happen.
The problem is, that if any of these has
an error, streams are also event emitters.
And if an event emitter emits
an error event that has no listeners,
the node will crash.
It's designed to do this, so
that if there is a problem,
your server will just crash
instead of it being eaten and
stuff's silently tearing itself apart,
it's probably better if it just crashes.
So, one way that we can rewrite this sort
of thing to be a little bit more robust
is to use a module like pump, that's going
to pipe all these things together for us.
So, if you call pump
with a bunch of streams,
it's gonna set up the pipes
internally between each stream.
So, it's doing stream1.pipe,
stream2.pipe, stream3, but
in a way that's gonna deal with errors.
And, in fact, you can also put
a callback at the end of that,
that's gonna handle errors.
So, I'll require pump.
Pump is also better than
just doing it this way,
sort of cleaning up after streams,
as well.
So, sometimes you can get
file descriptor leaks and
things that pump is a little
bit better at dealing with.
So there are some questions earlier
in the chat about this sort of thing.
So now,
we wanna take our stream is the first one.
And now instead of calling that pipe,
we just replaced these all with commas.
And, I think it ought to work.
If there's an error,
you can optionally listen for one.
So, I'll just print it out.
Okay, so I think if I stand up
our VPN echo server from earlier,
now, It should be more enterprise ready.
[LAUGH] And I'm gonna send
it a bigger chunk this time.
Great, so it's working.
And, if I kill the connection.
So, this message was printed because
it's coming from our handler, and
it didn't crash the server, all right?
It otherwise would have,
so, useful to do with pump.
Actually, I think if you use pump
it's just gonna eat these errors and
you won't see them.
But if you do pass in a function
at the end of that chain,
you can handle them, if you like.
Because most of the time,
when you have one of those pipelines
that's coming off a duplex socket,
it's errors are probably caused by the
network transport just ending abruptly.
And so, it's not really something
that you need to worry about,
although it might cause some different
kinds of file descriptor leaks or
custom memory leaks of some sort.
So it's just easier to wrap your pipelines
with these kinds of tools, all right?
That's all working well.
There's just a version called pumpify.
And, unlike pump, where it's gonna
just pipe everything together,
with pumpify, you get back a stream
that you can write to and read from.
So this is often more useful if you have
a module like an API where you wanna
return a stream that sort of encapsulates
this whole streaming pipeline end-to-end.
You can use pumpify for that.
So, you need to do that?
There you go.
One of the final things is, streams
are actually really, it's really difficult
oftentimes to know when a stream is over,
when it's done with.
So, there's this fantastic
package called end-of-stream that
knows about all of the obscure subtle
ways about how streams can end,
be they readable, or
writable, or whatever.
Because also, if there's an error,
then the stream is over but
it won't admit an end event because
end is for a successful termination.
So it just sort of encapsulates all
of those use cases into something
where you can just stick your
cleanup logic into one place,
and you don't have to worry about all of
these edge cases if you use this package.
So, how end-of-stream, whoa.
How end-of-stream works is
you provide it with a stream,
as an argument, and you provide
it with a function that's going
to be called whenever that stream is done,
whether it errors out,
whether it closes cleanly, or what have
you, then this function is gonna fire.
Okay, so, I'm
gonna pumpify the vpn and
push that result.
I don't know if we wanna take
another little short break, maybe,
to play around with this stuff?